hiren will come back this is your India
photo recipe starting today our recipe
is tiny tea sandwiches let us see the
ingredients here i am going to use
mayonnaise and koo kumba lat use
tomatoes and cheese slices and bread
slices let us see how to prepare this
tiny tea sandwiches take on bread slice
now I am going to cut this bread slice
videos off this camp set up camp just
proceed cut every bread slices like this
look how its tiny I used the syrup
measurement cup can and this is our tiny
brittle ice now i'm going to apply minus
on hand side and first i am going to
operate some- on these both bread slices
i applied minus on every one side of the
bread slice now i am going to place our
vegetables first place lad juice and 1
koo kumba and cover this with another
slice this is our tiny koo kumba
sandwich and did the next one take lime
juice and place it and one small tomato
slice and cover it now our toy toe tiny
sandwich also ready then take another
piece place one lat use slice small size
and then one cheese slice no
around here we go then cover it now I
was cheese sandwich also ready like that
we are going to do everything here our
tiny koo kumba tomato and cheese
sandwiches teatime sandwiches ready to
eat now is very simple and quick recipe
definitely our kids love the shape and
loud this cheese and everything try it
yourself send your valuable feedback
stew WWE india food recipe is starting
we will reach in another video thank